This lesson was all about planning and developing the mental framework for how
to go about converting a private Blockchain into a valuable web services.
In this lesson, we discuss how to analyze
blockchain use cases to determine if it requires a web service.
Then we decide on a web service language.
Explained the Node.js framework and components for the blockchain.
Lastly, decide an appropriate mock data set.
Throughout this lesson, we laid the foundation for how
to modify our private blockchain with Node.js,
RESTful APIs, and other third-party libraries to
interact with your private Blockchain to submit and audit Blockchain data.
Coming up, we'll begin the process to configure
web API services with GET and POST endpoints.